# Change Log

## 0.0.10
- README lists more known issues thanks to [Mark Ayers](https://github.com/philoserf)
  - There are no functional changes from 0.0.9, but a release is required to update the marketplace.

## 0.0.9
- Update **vscode-yaml-languageservice** to 0.2.0
  - Disables legacy (pre-1.2) YAML compatibility when formatting.  This gives cleaner results in some files (like `.travis.yml`) where this extension may have been forcing unnecessary escaping (quoting).
  - Removes the (never-working) color symbol support

## 0.0.8
- Update **vscode-json-languageservice** to the current latest version (2.0.14) by updating **vscode-yaml-languageservice**.
- **vscode-yaml-languageservice** dependency is now managed by `npm`.  This makes development easier.

## 0.0.7
- Add support for multiple documents in a single file.

## 0.0.6
- Update **yaml-ast-parser** to [0.0.34](https://github.com/mulesoft-labs/yaml-ast-parser/releases/tag/0.0.34).
  - Some parsing warnings will now correctly display as warnings instead of errors.
  - Warning is now issued when using tabs in a YAML document.
  - Corrects false error when a document ends with the [end of document marker](www.yaml.org/spec/1.2/spec.html#id2760395) (`...`).
- Update **vscode-json-languageservice** to current latest ([1a4e783](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-json-languageservice/tree/1a4e783f899825c83fb02fe5bf57daec5ea7993c)).

## 0.0.5
- Add support for anchor references.

## 0.0.4
- Properly disable completion suggestions.  This fixes all the errors that were generated by Visual Studio Code trying to get completion information.

## 0.0.3
- Fixes use of schemas defined in settings.  Previously they did not work.
- Update upstream language service dependencies

## 0.0.2
- **Format Document** now works when there are multiple documents in the file.  Multiple documents in a single file is still generally unsupported.

## 0.0.1
- Initial release
